README.md, before:

# GeoFun

### GeoFun is an educational app that helps children learning about geography.

## Tech stack
### Languages:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) 
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

### Libraries:
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Leaflet](https://img.shields.io/badge/Leaflet-199900?style=for-the-badge&logo=Leaflet&logoColor=white)
![StyledComponents](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled--components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white)

### Database:
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

Developed by:

<div style="margin-top: 5vh">
    <a href="https://github.com/JazzRose"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/101360549?v=4" style="border-radius:50%; vertical-align:middle; width:6vh; margin-right: 2vw"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/JazzRose">Jazz Mills</a>
</div>

<div style="margin-top: 5vh">
    <a href="https://github.com/drleafgreen88"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/101200008?v=4" style="border-radius:50%; vertical-align:middle; width:6vh; margin-right: 2vw"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/drleafgreen88">Derek Leafgreen</a>
</div>

<div style="margin-top: 5vh">
    <a href="https://github.com/mattnorris1990"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84447779?v=4" style="border-radius:50%; vertical-align:middle; width:6vh; margin-right: 2vw"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/mattnorris1990">Matt Norris</a>
</div>

<div style="margin-top: 5vh">
    <a href="https://github.com/J-Rozas"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/67562547?v=4" style="border-radius:50%; vertical-align:middle; width:6vh; margin-right: 2vw"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/J-Rozas">Emilio J. R. Lima</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Add instructions to setup the the app

README.md, after:

# GeoFun

### GeoFun is an educational app that helps children learning about geography.

## Setup

#### Note: This setup tutorial assumes that you already have installed a package manager like <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/">npm</a> and the version control system <a href="https://git-scm.com/">git</a>.

+ Open your terminal.
+ In your terminal, go to the folder where you want to save the app.
+ Run the command ```git clone git@github.com:J-Rozas/GeoFun.git```
+ Once the download has ended, run ```cd client```
+ Now, to install all the modules for the client run ```npm i```
+ Once the download is completed, run ```cd ../server```
+ Finally, to install the modules for the server run ```npm i```

## Tech stack
### Languages:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) 
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

### Libraries:
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Leaflet](https://img.shields.io/badge/Leaflet-199900?style=for-the-badge&logo=Leaflet&logoColor=white)
![StyledComponents](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled--components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white)

### Database:
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

Developed by:

<div style="margin-top: 5vh">
    <a href="https://github.com/JazzRose"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/101360549?v=4" style="border-radius:50%; vertical-align:middle; width:6vh; margin-right: 2vw"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/JazzRose">Jazz Mills</a>
</div>

<div style="margin-top: 5vh">
    <a href="https://github.com/drleafgreen88"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/101200008?v=4" style="border-radius:50%; vertical-align:middle; width:6vh; margin-right: 2vw"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/drleafgreen88">Derek Leafgreen</a>
</div>

<div style="margin-top: 5vh">
    <a href="https://github.com/mattnorris1990"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84447779?v=4" style="border-radius:50%; vertical-align:middle; width:6vh; margin-right: 2vw"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/mattnorris1990">Matt Norris</a>
</div>

<div style="margin-top: 5vh">
    <a href="https://github.com/J-Rozas"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/67562547?v=4" style="border-radius:50%; vertical-align:middle; width:6vh; margin-right: 2vw"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/J-Rozas">Emilio J. R. Lima</a>
</div>
